chore: 0.44.4 release notes (#10613)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Cosmos SDK v0.44.4 Release Notes

This release introduces bug fixes and improvements on the Cosmos SDK v0.44 series.

> v0.44.0 x/auth migration has a **vesting account bug**, which vanishes `delegated_vesting` field from `BaseVestingAccount`. Recovery, unfortunately, is complicated and either involves manually overwriting it or querying an old state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK v0.44.0-v0.44.3 x/auth migration have a **vesting account bug**, which vanishes `delegated_vesting` field from `BaseVestingAccount`. Recovery, unfortunately, is complicated and either involves manually overwriting it or querying an old state.
```

We had to change the order of module migration by pushing x/auth to the end. Auth module state depends on x/stake and should be run last. We have updated the documentation to provide more details how to change module migration order. This is technically a breaking change, but only impacts updates between the major version change, hence migrating from the previous patch release (0.44.x) doesn't cause new migration and doesn't break the state.

Other bug fixes:

> + query account balance by ibc denom

Reviewer: This is actually a client-breaking change for HTTP clients. We should document that better:
```diff
- /bank/v1beta1/balances/{address}/{ibc_denom}
+ /bank/v1beta1/balances/{address}/by_denom?denom={ibc_denom}
```

Author: OK, I've added more details. I'm not sure if we should link PRs here - these are in the changelog.

> + grpc-web query account balance by IBC denom had an incorrect endpoint (correct one is `"/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/balances/{address}/by_denom"`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ grpc-gateway query account balance by IBC denom had an incorrect endpoint (correct one is `"/cosmos/bank/v1beta1/balances/{address}/by_denom"`)
```
